 2019300 0 0 0 SST CT /WEBSITE MANUAL Reach out to Brad/Russell to set up a UN/PW to log in to the CT system. Once logged in, enter CT and go to the main screen; Screen 1; Cargo Inbound; Where cargo for a n inbound vessel is entered and stored into inventory once received E dit Voyage No.; What is used to searc h for the relevant vessel Voyage No.; Where the Voyage # is entered prior to creation/where it will show when searched Discharge date; this created date upon vessel discharge determines when cargo can be shipped out via CT Steps for entry; Customer (who’s cargo)+ Inbound BOL (From packing list)+ Product (product size from PL)+ SST/Cust Mark (Our internal mark for recognition, ex. NLS1 from the Nord Lotus vessel)+ U Man/U Dis( What was manifested on the PL and what was actually discharged after vessel completion) . Cargo Outbound; Where BOLs are created for the customer/our records BOL Creation Steps Enter relevant customer info Enter carrier/ info Enter Ship to info from release (ex. below) Enter truck/trailer info Always select prepaid Go voyage no. section and pick the relevant vessel in which the signified release states Go to inbound BOL section and pick the relevant product stated in the release Check for accuracy against release Print /Create BOL Paper Inbound ; Where inbound paper information from rail cars /vans are inputted Edit Booking No.; The IP order number is entered (ex. 10230268) After this is inputted, the information from the rail car/size/etc. should populate automatically If no packing li st is provided by the driver, you can either input this info manually or wait till the end of the day and this info will populate Scan Paper in; Scanning paper received from rail cars/vans into inventory Log into scanner web site on the Zebra scanner BOL Num; Enter rail car # ( Ex. TBOX642321) /Van information found on the paper work (usually do this manually in the office via Paper Inbound section) Scan roll into the Roll Num Section Paper- Association ; This tab is used to see if the specific roll is associated to the relevant BOL . Enter customer ( always International Paper ) Carrier- Indicate POD (Gandia, etc.. ) Select prepaid Enter relevant order number (IP Vessel Spreadsheet , in SST group folder ) Verify the relevant info and hit the “Associate All” button Paper Outbound ; The tab used when shipping paper out on the designated vessel /after associating all rolls Enter Customer (Always IP) Carrier section ; Enter POD (ex. Gandia) Enter relevant order number in Order No. Once scanned out (Utilize scan website, steps in another section ) customer inventory rolls should move over the outbound items section After all rolls are scanned out and sent, the rolls in inventory tab should read “0” Scanning Paper Out; When paper is sent out on a vessel; Get Zebra scanner/ maneuver to SST Website +Log in via scanner email (reference later steps) Scan Out Lathrop Enter BOL number for the specific POD (found on sheet/CT) Scan into Roll Num Section Wait for 1/… message Sometimes the software lags when connection is lost, wait for reconnect rather than reloading the page Screen 3; Customer Inventory for Cargo; W here inventory along with each shipment sent out on a specific BL can be located Enter customer (ex. Canadian Wood Products) Enter Voyage # (all are shown in no specific order, so this step can be disregarded) Inbound BOL #; What the product is (all are shown in no specific order, so this step can be disregarded) Vessel, Discharge date, Product, Customer/SST Mark, how many were discharged/how many are left is shown , Release/BL number also shown Customer Access: Maneuver to the SST Website Log in via customer login (Username located in user section accessed via SST email+ N3w$tr0ngP@ss! Password Customer info (only for lumber, IP cargo accessed via Page link, which in the SST folder/email ) can be accessed via t he C rgo . Bill Lathrop/ Crgo . Inv Lathrop sections of the website Scan Crgo Out/In Sections; used for the customer to see that each relevant unit was scanned in/out Customer Billable Inventory for Cargo Choose from customer list Choose product you are searching for Choose voyage # Report date (Use the current day’s date) Discharge Report; The report generated from the Cargo Inbound section (Shows what was manifested for each product/unit). Voyage # Product; Can be skipped Customer; Enter specific customer to generate specific discharge report Inbound BOL; Product type, can be skipped Outturn Report; Report w here discrepancies/what was actually discharged is generated (earlier step in which cargo information is inputted from the packing lists/BLs) If there are any discrepancies/changes, go back to Cargo Inbound section and update the UDIS section to reflect Voyage # Product Type; Can skip Customer Inbound BOL; Product, can skip Paper Reports Section ( Not used ) Screen 3 ; Other Section - Alternate Switchboard ; This is where the MFO Inbound/MFO Outbound Sections for lumber scanning are accessed Main Screen; SKIP Cargo Reports; SKIP Other Reports ; SKIP (16a) CMF O- Inbound Shipments Setup Shipment Plan ID; Use BOL # ( ex. 630223) Plant Code; Use 0425 Vehicle ID; Use Vehicle # Total Units; Use the # of Units From BL SSP; Use 20 then BL #+ 0 (ex. 202 223 0 ) NO. Of Units; Use Total # of Units NO. Per Unit; Use 1, for individual barcode MFO NO.; Use BL # then 001 (ex. 630223 001 ) (16B) - Maneuver to Website ( sst.liftdataservices.com ) Log in (Register with email (UN) + N3w$tr0ngP@ss! (PW) Scanner email ( Scanner01@ssterminal.com + Scanner PW / N3w$tr0ngP@ss! ( Look up via your personal login in User Management Section Maneuver to Scan In Gwinnett Section Add Shipment ID from the created MFO Inbound Scan the created label in the MFO/Load Section Outbound Shipments Section - Create BOL in CT (Cargo Outbound Section) for the driver/records like usual; this provides the data to scan out Please note this additional BL creation step does not apply for Oslo lumber, only trucked out lumber Go to MFO Outbound section in alternate switchboard Shipment Plan ID; Same as previously input inbound 0425 Plant Code Vehicle ID; Same as previously input inbound MFO NO.; Same as previously input inbound NO. of Units; Same as previously input inbound NO. Per Unit; 1 SSP; Same as previously input inbound Go to SST website and with scanner log in, go to Scan Cargo Out Lathrop Units to Ship; Same as previously input outbound Release number; Use SSP from previously input outbound BOL Number; Use BOL number from the CT outbound you create and give to the driver Customer Mark; Use the mark we use for the lumber (ex. NLS1) Oslo; Use the customer mark , such as IFP-0811L) 
